PUBLIC RECORDS REQUEST
Ohio Department of Insurance

Date: April 2, 2026

To:
Ohio Department of Insurance
Public Records Request
50 West Town Street, Third Floor, Suite 300
Columbus, OH 43215
Online: https://legacy.insurance.ohio.gov/classic/consumserv/pubrecreq.asp
Phone: (800) 686-1526

From:
JKL Holdings LLC
Email: admin@jklholdings.com

RE: Public Records Request Pursuant to the Ohio Public Records Act, Ohio Revised Code Section 149.43

Dear Public Records Officer:

Pursuant to the Ohio Public Records Act, Ohio Revised Code Section 149.43, I am requesting access to and a copy of the following records maintained by the Ohio Department of Insurance:

A complete list of all currently licensed individual insurance producers/agents in the State of Ohio, including the following data fields for each licensee:

  1. National Producer Number (NPN)
  2. Full legal name
  3. Business email address
  4. Business phone number
  5. Business mailing address
  6. License type(s)
  7. License status
  8. Original license date
  9. Appointed company information (all current company appointments)

I request that these records be provided in CSV or Microsoft Excel electronic format, delivered via email to admin@jklholdings.com.

I understand that there may be reasonable fees associated with this request. JKL Holdings LLC is willing to pay reasonable charges for the search, retrieval, and copying of the requested records. If the estimated cost will exceed $100.00, please notify me in advance for approval before proceeding.

Under the Ohio Public Records Act, a public office must organize and maintain public records in a manner that they can be made available for inspection and copying in accordance with R.C. Section 149.43. Records must be made available within a reasonable period of time. If any portion of this request is denied, please provide a written explanation of the legal basis for the denial.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this request.

Sincerely,

JKL Holdings LLC
admin@jklholdings.com
