OPEN RECORDS REQUEST
Georgia Office of the Commissioner of Insurance and Safety Fire

Date: April 2, 2026

To:
Office of the Commissioner of Insurance and Safety Fire
Open Records Request
2 Martin Luther King, Jr., Drive
West Tower, Suite 702
Atlanta, GA 30334
Phone: (404) 656-2070
Online: https://oci.georgia.gov/administrative-procedure/open-records-request

From:
JKL Holdings LLC
Email: admin@jklholdings.com

RE: Open Records Request Pursuant to the Georgia Open Records Act, O.C.G.A. Section 50-18-70 et seq.

Dear Open Records Officer:

Pursuant to the Georgia Open Records Act, O.C.G.A. Section 50-18-70 et seq., I am requesting access to and a copy of the following records maintained by the Office of the Commissioner of Insurance and Safety Fire:

A complete list of all currently licensed individual insurance producers/agents in the State of Georgia, including the following data fields for each licensee:

  1. National Producer Number (NPN)
  2. Full legal name
  3. Business email address
  4. Business phone number
  5. Business mailing address
  6. License type(s)
  7. License status
  8. Original license date
  9. Appointed company information (all current company appointments)

I request that these records be provided in CSV or Microsoft Excel electronic format, delivered via email to admin@jklholdings.com.

I understand that there may be reasonable fees associated with this request. JKL Holdings LLC is willing to pay reasonable charges for the search, retrieval, and copying of the requested records. If the estimated cost will exceed $100.00, please notify me in advance for approval before proceeding.

Under the Georgia Open Records Act, records are required to be made available within three business days of receipt of a request. If any portion of this request is denied, please provide a written explanation of the legal basis for the denial as required by O.C.G.A. Section 50-18-71(d).

Thank you for your prompt attention to this request.

Sincerely,

JKL Holdings LLC
admin@jklholdings.com
