PUBLIC RECORDS REQUEST
Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance

Date: April 2, 2026

To:
Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance
Public Records Request
500 James Robertson Parkway
Davy Crockett Tower
Nashville, TN 37243-0565
Phone: (615) 741-2825
Online: https://www.tn.gov/commerce/contact-us/public-records-request.html

From:
JKL Holdings LLC
Email: admin@jklholdings.com

RE: Public Records Request Pursuant to the Tennessee Public Records Act, Tenn. Code Ann. Section 10-7-503 et seq.

Dear Public Records Officer:

Pursuant to the Tennessee Public Records Act, Tenn. Code Ann. Section 10-7-503 et seq., I am requesting access to and a copy of the following records maintained by the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance:

A complete list of all currently licensed individual insurance producers/agents in the State of Tennessee, including the following data fields for each licensee:

  1. National Producer Number (NPN)
  2. Full legal name
  3. Business email address
  4. Business phone number
  5. Business mailing address
  6. License type(s)
  7. License status
  8. Original license date
  9. Appointed company information (all current company appointments)

I request that these records be provided in CSV or Microsoft Excel electronic format, delivered via email to admin@jklholdings.com.

I understand that there may be reasonable fees associated with this request. JKL Holdings LLC is willing to pay reasonable charges for the search, retrieval, and copying of the requested records. If the estimated cost will exceed $100.00, please notify me in advance for approval before proceeding.

Under the Tennessee Public Records Act, if records cannot be made promptly available, the records custodian must respond within seven business days by either making the records available, denying the request in writing with a basis for denial, or providing a written explanation of the time reasonably necessary to produce the records. If any portion of this request is denied, please provide a written explanation of the legal basis for the denial.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this request.

Sincerely,

JKL Holdings LLC
admin@jklholdings.com
